1 Overview
In this individual project, you are required to explore at least three different methods to find out the
most frequent duplicate element in a given list of numbers.
2 Detailed Requirements
You are asked to implement and compare different methods of finding out the most frequent duplicate
element in a given list of numbers. If there are two or more elements having the same appearing frequency,
return the one that appears first in the list. In particular, you need to provide at least three (i.e., ≥ 3)
different methods and compare their performance with time complexity analysis.
In your submitted report, you need to explicitly explain:
• the algorithms and data structures of the methods you have tried;
• the time complexity of each method (mainly the worst-case time complexity);
Note that you are NOT required to provide formal time complexity analysis, but some intuitive or informal
discussion.
Experimental Evaluations
In this project, you may design and generate some test data for each method so that you can evaluate
and compare the differences in efficiency among different methods over different generated inputs. Figures
that intuitively show how the input data affects the selection among different methods are appreciated but
optional. Note that, the compiling command for compiling your programs (written in C++) should be
clearly stated in the report. Some available compiling options are -std=c++11, -lm, -O2.
If you cannot pass the OJ test cases, the maximum marks you can get is 30.
3 OJ Input and Output
Input
The input contains multiple test cases. For each test case, it contains a line of integers (the number of
integers is less than 105 while each integer is ∈ (−105, 105)).
Output
Each line of the output is the most frequent duplicated element in the list.
Sample Input Sample Output
-1 1 -1 8 | -1
1 2 3 3 3 4 4 5 | 3
2 3 1 5 4 3 2 1 | 2

----------
TASK: Implement a C++ program to find the most frequent duplicate element in a list.

REQUIREMENTS:
- Input: Multiple test cases, each line contains integers (n < 10^5, each integer ∈ (-10^5, 10^5))
- Output: Most frequent duplicate element (frequency > 1)
- Tie-breaking: If same frequency, return element that appears FIRST in original list
- Need 3 DIFFERENT methods with time complexity analysis

DELIVERABLES:
1. atleast 4 complete C++ implementations
2. Time complexity analysis for each method
3. Local testing framework with file I/O
4. Performance comparison

Generate the solution now.